feat(charm): initialised aar with ops framework (#1)
anbox-cloud/aar-operator: README.md

# Anbox Application Registry (AAR) Charmed Operator

## Description

### Anbox Cloud

Anbox Cloud offers a software stack that runs Android applications in any cloud enabling high-performance
streaming of graphics to desktop and mobile client devices.

> At its heart, it uses lightweight container technology instead of full virtual machines to achieve higher

Author: @keirthana should what should we change this to?

> At its heart, it uses lightweight container technology instead of full virtual machines to achieve higher

Reviewer: I'd suggest something like
```
At its heart, Anbox uses both lightweight container technology and virtual machines to achieve higher density and better performance per host while ensuring security and isolation of each instance. Depending on the target platform, payload, and desired application performance (e.g. frame rate), more than 100 instances can be run on a single machine."
 ```
@keirthana may come up with a better one

> At its heart, it uses lightweight container technology instead of full virtual machines to achieve higher

Reviewer 2: @jat-canonical sorry, my notification settings seem off and I missed this one. 

We should follow the latest docs, it is best not to call out container or VM unless absolutely necessary. Use "instance" to be generic. So if you were to mimic what we have on public documentation, this should read as follows:

"Anbox Cloud maintains a single Android system per [instance](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/26204#instance), providing higher density and better performance per host while ensuring security and isolation of each instance."

density and better performance per host while ensuring security and isolation of each container. Depending
on the target platform, payload, and desired application performance (e.g. frame rate), more than
100 containers can be run on a single machine.

For containerization of Android, Anbox Cloud uses the well established and secure container hypervisor
LXD. LXD is secure by design, scales to a large number of containers and provides advanced resource
management for hosted containers.

> 

Reviewer 2: For the entire introduction, I would recommend to mimic the changes in the [VM support branch](https://github.com/anbox-cloud/discourse-docs/blob/1a233aacd3e14d30947a168252387b4702b2482a/exp/anbox-cloud.md)

Also have a look at the official Anbox Cloud website (https://anbox-cloud.io) for more information.

> NOTE: Anbox Cloud is a paid offering. You will need a Ubuntu Pro (https://ubuntu.com/pro) subscription
> for this charm to work. You can learn more at https://anbox-cloud.io

> **WARNING:** The *Ubuntu Pro (infra only)* subscription every Ubuntu user gets for free for
> personal use does **NOT** work and will result in a failed deployment! You either need a
> *Ubuntu Pro* or *Ubuntu Pro (apps only)* subscription to be able to deploy successfully.

### Application Registry

The Anbox Application Registry, or *AAR*, charm provides a central repository for applications created
on Anbox Cloud. It is extremely useful for larger deployments involving multiple regions in order to
keep applications in sync.

> #### Client Types

Reviewer 2: +1

> #### Client Types

Author: I know it reads odd, but this was added primarily to add a same page anchor from 
```md
This interface is used by two integrations in the charm both corresponding to the [types of clients](#client-types) to register.
The data provided to the consumer charms looks like the following:
```

There are two types of consumers that can connect to AAR:
- **Client/Pull Only**: A Read-Only Client which can only pull from the registry

> - **Publisher/Push & Pull**: A Read-Write Client which can publish applications to the registry as well

Author: Not sure if this is the right place to do it. I could link to the [public docs](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/exp/aar) page if needed ?

> - **Publisher/Push & Pull**: A Read-Write Client which can publish applications to the registry as well

Reviewer 2: If that's possible, yes.

## Usage

> **WARNING:** This charm requires a resource to work which is described as follows:
> ```yaml
> resources:
>   aar-snap:
>     type: file
>     description: Snap for Anbox Application Registry
>     filename: aar.snap
> ```
> This resource represents the AAR snap package which will be installed when the charm gets installed.

### Basic Usage

```sh
$ juju deploy aar --resource aar-snap=aar.snap
```

> For more information on how to configure the Application Registry and its clients, visit the official documentation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on how to configure the AAR and its clients, visit the official documentation
```
Use in full form or as an acronym.

$ juju deploy aar --resource aar-snap=aar.snap
```

For more information on how to configure the Application Registry and its clients, visit the official documentation
on https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/installation/installation-application-registry

## Integrations (Relations)

### `aar` interface:

This interface is used to register a client and interact with AAR.

#### Provides Side:

```yaml
provides:
  client:
    interface: aar
  publisher:
    interface: aar
```
This interface is used by two integrations in the charm both corresponding to the [types of clients](#client-types) to register.
The data provided to the consumer charms looks like the following:
```yaml
certificate: <self-signed certificate of the registry>
fingerprint: <fingerprint of the certificate>
ip: <ipv4 address of the listener>
port: <port of the listener>
```

#### Requires Side:

The data provided to the provider side should look like the following:
```yaml
certificate: "-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----\n
            ....
            -----END CERTIFICATE-----\n"
mode: "publisher"
```

### `nrpe-external-master` interface:

```yaml
nrpe-external-master:
    interface: nrpe-external-master
    scope: container

> ```

Reviewer 3: As the nrpe relation got dropped we should remove this too.
